today we're going to be making corn dogs
some people call them logos like in
Canada some people call them batter
francs here are the ingredients that
we're going to need 1 cup of flour one
and a half teaspoons of baking powder a
half a teaspoon of salt four tablespoons
of cornmeal three tablespoons of oil 1
egg and three quarters of a cup of milk
so let's get started the first thing
that we want to do here is crack our egg
open and then we're going to grab
ourselves a bowl and get our milk in
there and then pop your egg in and get
that all nicely whisked together
alright let's get the rest of the
ingredients in let's get the salt in and
all of our flour and get that nicely
incorporated
next we'll pop in the oil mix that in
nicely and then our baking powder and
our last ingredient we'll put in is the
cornmeal and I like to let this batter
sit for about good 10 minutes so that
the baking powder starts to activate in
the batter okay so you want your oil
between 360 and 375 degrees also always
make sure that the handle of your pot is
pointing towards the wall you don't want
to have any accidents all right so we've
got our hot dogs all ready to go we've
got our batter and we've got somewhere
to actually drain the corn dogs when
they're ready so all I've done is
basically taking hot dogs and I've cut
them in half and I've put little sticks
into the one end of the hot dog so we're
going to grab our hot dog and we're
going to dip it into the batter and you
really want to get all of the hot dog
totally covered in the batter and then
gently place it into the oil and what I
try to do is kind of hold it so that it
doesn't touch the bottom of the pot just
for a couple of seconds and what that
does is it creates a little coating on
the corn dog and then it doesn't stick
to the bottom so you can see me doing
that here and then finally drop it there
we go
let's do it again into the batter twist
it around try to get the batter all over
and then gently put it into the oil
always remember to gently place things
in oil you don't want you don't want to
drop it in quickly because it'll splash
up on you
let's try it again here we go
and then let go so these corn dogs are
almost ready to come out I'm looking for
a nice golden brown color I never
actually time how long they're in there
I look at the color and when the color
is really nice and golden brown then I
take them out and now I'm just going to
drain them so let's drain them and now
let's start the process again now I've
zoomed the camera in a little bit and
change the angle so that we can actually
see closer what I'm actually doing here
so I'm right now I'm dipping it into the
oil
so here's a close-up of me coding the
corndog and then I put it into the oil
I'm just showing you different angles of
all of the process alright so here's our
second batch and they're ready to go so
let's get them out and drain them and
here we have our final product yummy
corn dogs you can serve them up with
mustard like I have here or you can also
eat them with ketchup kids seem to love
ketchup I love mustard but any which way
you like it that's the way to go don't
worry about the hotdog being thoroughly
cooked when it's in the fryer that long
and when it gets golden brown like this
on the outside the hotdog is fully
cooked on the inside so don't worry
about that at all anyway try out this
recipe and let me know how it turned out
so that's it for this video so I'll see
you next time
you